README.md, before:

![mongo](https://github.com/dns2316/RESTfull-API/blob/master/mongo.png)
![node](https://github.com/dns2316/RESTfull-API/blob/master/node.png)
![express](https://github.com/dns2316/RESTfull-API/blob/master/express.png)

# RESTfull API ![wow](https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2728.png)
![wow](https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2728.png)
## This project based on:
* ### Node.js
* ### MongoDB
* ### Express.js
   and
   * #### Winston (logger)
🎉    💡   ✨

![jsmorning](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/18660182/22985912/9d9f0d22-f3b2-11e6-8338-303382982eef.jpg)

- [x] Create API: create, read, update, delete. (+ edit by id)
- [x] Pass the firsts tests
- [ ] Edit logger, connect to more events

List of references used at the time of writing this project:

* [Build a RESTful API Using Node and Express 4.](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-restful-api-using-node-and-express-4) _Chris Sevilleja_. **Apr 15, 2014**

* [RESTful API на Node.js + MongoDB.](https://habrahabr.ru/post/193458) @_BenderRodriguez_. **Spt 12, 2013**

Commit message:

was add nconf, edit logs (and save to db), some fix in routers

README.md, after:

![mongo](https://github.com/dns2316/RESTfull-API/blob/master/mongo.png)
![node](https://github.com/dns2316/RESTfull-API/blob/master/node.png)
![express](https://github.com/dns2316/RESTfull-API/blob/master/express.png)

# RESTfull API ![wow](https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2728.png)
![wow](https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/2728.png)
## This project based on:
* ### Node.js
* ### MongoDB
* ### Express.js
   and
   * #### Winston (logger)
🎉    💡   ✨

![jsmorning](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/18660182/22985912/9d9f0d22-f3b2-11e6-8338-303382982eef.jpg)

- [x] Create API: create, read, update, delete. (+ edit by id)
- [x] Pass the firsts tests
- [ ] Edit logger, connect to more events
- [ ] Save logs to data base in log base
- [ ] To think about security. Oauth2, Passport.js

### List of references used at the time of writing this project:

* [Build a RESTful API Using Node and Express 4.](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-restful-api-using-node-and-express-4) _Chris Sevilleja_. **Apr 15, 2014**

* [RESTful API на Node.js + MongoDB.](https://habrahabr.ru/post/193458) @_BenderRodriguez_. **Spt 12, 2013**

P.S: CRUD (create, read, update, delete)
